README.md, before:

# Team Profile Generator
  ![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue)
  
  ## Description
  This project is a Node.js command-line application that uses inquirer and MySQL to build and update an employee database. 

  <!-- * [Demonstration Video](https://watch.screencastify.com/v/HOzMMVFoJUA2vxoElFpJ) -->
  
  ![SQL Emp Tracker](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79202800/143164475-4979fba5-4866-421e-8c2d-a2c48c3e80cc.PNG)

  
  ***************************************************************
  ## Table of Contents
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [License](#license)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [Tests](#tests)
* [Questions](#questions)
***************************************************************
## Installation
Clone the project repository from GitHub to your local machine, install Node.js and dependencies required.
  
## Usage
  With all dependencies installed, start the application from the command-line using 'node index.js'. An inquirer prompt menu will start the application asking the user what they would like to do.
  
## License
  This project is covered under the MIT license. 
      For details, visit: https://github.com/git/git-scm.com/blob/main/MIT-LICENSE.txt
  
## Contributing
  Please contact me for information about contributing.

## Tests
  No current tests.

## Questions
  For any questions regarding this project, please contact me via email (Benrowentv@gmail.com).

  Check out my other project repositories on Github at: [Benrowen5](https://www.github.com/Benrowen5)

Commit message:

updated README, update env file with placeholder text for user and password

README.md, after:

# Team Profile Generator
  ![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue)
  
  ## Description
  This project is a Node.js command-line application that uses inquirer and MySQL to build and update an employee database. 

  * [Demonstration Video](chrome-extension://mmeijimgabbpbgpdklnllpncmdofkcpn/app.html#/files/70b1d0f7-d9a3-4e97-y057-eebff93f3877)
  
  ![SQL Emp Tracker](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79202800/143164475-4979fba5-4866-421e-8c2d-a2c48c3e80cc.PNG)

  
  ***************************************************************
  ## Table of Contents
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [License](#license)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [Tests](#tests)
* [Questions](#questions)
***************************************************************
## Installation
Clone the project repository from GitHub to your local machine, install Node.js and dependencies required. Update the .env file with your credentials for SQL username and password. 
  
## Usage
  Be sure to use the employees db including the schema and seed file via MySQL workbench or commandline prior to running the application. With all dependencies installed and user's env variables updated, start the application from the command-line using 'node index.js'. An inquirer prompt menu will start the application asking the user what they would like to do.
  
## License
  This project is covered under the MIT license. 
      For details, visit: https://github.com/git/git-scm.com/blob/main/MIT-LICENSE.txt
  
## Contributing
  Please contact me for information about contributing.

## Tests
  No current tests.

## Questions
  For any questions regarding this project, please contact me via email (Benrowentv@gmail.com).

  Check out my other project repositories on Github at: [Benrowen5](https://www.github.com/Benrowen5)
